[Music]
sooden the woven web of a century was
the last entry in the series that up
until now was only available in Japan
thanks to the endless efforts of the
community it's now fully available for
non-japanese speakers to enjoy and it's
by far one of the best entries in the
Fran Tri that's unfortunately stuck on
the PSP the story takes place in a world
where terrifying creatures known as The
Terrace farmer attack it once every
hundred years only the powerful Empire's
unifying power appears capable of
protecting the population although some
are skeptical of their motives after
their prior involvement in a massacre of
a town this is where the player comes in
and takes up the fight as the aptly
named hero who's joined by a band of
likeminded individuals who seek to turn
the tide of the battle and ultimately
confront the Empire's evil Deeds as well
much like previous entries in the series
the battles take the form of a
turn-based system and allow you to carry
out a huge range of attacks and spells
that are all tied to each individual
character along the way you'll come into
contact with a range of people who will
eventually join your cause and this is
where the woven web of a century truly
excels of course the formation of your
party on the battlefield also has its
part to play with you being able to
choose which road you would like your
characters to walkup P if you don't take
this aspect into consideration it's easy
to find yourself at the loss and
strategically placing your Fighters is
the easiest way to give yourself an
advantage as a huge fan of the series it
was an absolute pleasure to finally be
able to play this somewhat forgotten
entry in the franchise so if you've
never heard of it or if you're simply
hoping to get some news so code in
action then wol and we of a century is
one game you do not want to
miss when it comes to firsters Shooters
the p SP wouldn't exactly be the most
ideal choice but that didn't stop
developers from trying to bring the
genre to the handheld regardless of its
lack of a second analog stick coded arms
contagion is a sequel to the first game
which managed to improve upon nearly
every aspect it introduced with its
fast-paced gameplay and surprisingly
intuitive control theme that makes it
one of the best firstperson Shooters on
the console while stood out to me the
most is the premise that sees you
entering a computer system and fighting
viruses who take the form of the enemy
it's your job to search the system in
the hopes of locating your stranded
teammates and it's nothing that's going
to win any awards but it's definitely
one of the more creative stories you'll
find in a game of this kind on the
gameplay front this is where contagion
excels and provides the player with a
slew of Weaponry to help them come out
on top from shotguns to machine guns and
more exotic offerings like rail guns and
futuristic grenades you've got plenty of
choices at your fingertips to complement
this aspect of the game play there's a
pretty robust upgrading system that sees
you collecting currency throughout each
level and then being able to upgrade
each weapon to your liking this sense of
progression really adds to the overall
experience and allows you to tailor Your
Arsenal to your specific style of play
when it comes down to it contagion is by
no means perfect but it clearly
accomplish what is set out to do and
that was to provide an enjoyable FPS on
the go that's easy to jump into and play
in short burst so if you fany taking on
a new shooter on the PSP coded arms
contagion is definitely a great option
Wild Arms first hit the scene way back
in 1996 on the PlayStation and managed
to stand out amongst its contemporaries
by providing a unique take on the
somewhat cliche RPG setup that many have
come to know and love instead of taking
place in the usual fantasy world it
would instead see you making your way
through an adventure that draw upon the
wild west as its main inspiration taking
place on a dying Planet the story sees
you taken up the fighters Clarissa and
felus as they try to to track down a
notorious Drifter known as rert who
stole a magical sword which is said to
have the power to return the world to
its original Beauty as with many RPGs of
this nature you'll find yourself
visiting a range of locations that all
bring their unique flavor to the journey
as well as meet many interesting
characters that help flesh out the world
in the events that transpire the script
is without a doubt one of the game's
crowning achievements and really
breathes life into the various people
that occupy the World by providing a
nice amount of personality and humor
thankfully the game play is just as
impressive and as with many tactical
RPGs the battles all play out on a grid
with the player taking control of
several units as they clash with enemy
forces you've got the usual basic
attacks and magic spells to carry out
you've also got the ability to take
advantage of the game's unique hex based
grid system by surrounding the enemy on
all sides so that you can perform
formation Arts instead of just a regular
attack these Arts offer one of the best
ways to deal with Troublesome enemies
and have the potential to turn the tide
in the blink of the night if you're a
fan of one of the many other srpg on the
PSP like the sky or Final Fantasy
Tactics Wild Arms XF manages to hold its
own when put up against them with its
Charming story and engaging gameplay
it's definitely a game that's worth
checking
out faced appearing on the PlayStation 2
Jack and Daxter soon became one of the
most prominent games on the system which
know that prompted a spin-off that saw
Daxter jumping into the driver's seat in
an adventure he could call his own
developed by ready ad Dawn in somewhat
of a technical Marvel at the time it all
centered around Daxter trying to save
Jack after he's captured at the end of
the first game and sees the game play
revert him back to its platforming roots
you'll find yourself hopping around
various unique levels ranging from
construction sites to jungles and
rundown hotels that all bring along
their own distinct challenge occupying
each of them a range of enemies that
will stop at nothing to bring Daxter
down and luckily you've got many ways to
to keep them a bit the most prominent is
your trusty fly swatter that allows you
to carry out a series of combos but over
the course of the game you'll also gain
access to many different ways to counter
the threat each enemy poses this is
where your firearm comes into play with
its type of fire being able to be
changed on the Fly for the use of
various canisters that alter its
abilities the first is a gas gun which
temporarily stuns an enemy giving you
the chance to get a good view waxing
further down the line You'll grab a
flamethrower which is pretty self
planetary and finally a plasma grenade
which is almost essential when it comes
to the many bosses that occupy the game
like past entries Collectibles are also
a huge part of the experience and allow
the player to access one of the many
different mini games that are included
these take the form of scenes ripped
straight out of popular movies like The
Matrix and Indiana Jones which provide a
welcome reprieve from the usual
platforming and shooting attics the main
game offers so if you can find the game
on the cheap Daxter is well worth adding
to your collection
[Music]
now the best way to describe field
commander would be that it's essentially
a realistic take on the popular Advan
World Series and brings along with it a
much more viseral take on the popular
turn-based strategy setup the game play
is incredibly simple and sees all of the
action taking place on a grid system
where the player gets to move their
several units around the map and engage
with the opposing forces there's over 30
different types of units in the game
that all bring their own unique
abilities and strategies to the table
from the lonly Infantry to the powerful
and devastating tanks choosing which
unit to use at the right time soon
becomes the order of the day and the
best way to advance throughout the
several missions that comprise the main
campaign mixing the gam playay up beyond
the various units that make up your army
are the commanding officers themselves
each of them belong to a division which
have their own strengths and weaknesses
so choosing the right division to
complement your strategies is vital and
there is so many that there's bound to
be one that suits your approach this
isn't the only thing you can use to your
advantage of is there are many different
factors that can help you achieve
Victory but the main one being the
terrain of the battlefield itself for
example dense forests offer cover from
tanks who can't make their way through
and cities bring with them higher
amounts of defense for units that are
placed within what makes it different
from Advanced worlds though is that the
terrain itself can actually be targeted
and destroyed which will constantly keep
you on your toes and not just let you
rely on this aspect of Defense as the
playing field is constantly in a state
of change if you're a fan of strategy
then there is plenty here to love and
with a series of other modes to jump
into apart from the single player
campaign it's a game that's likely going
to last you a
while Wipeout has long been part of the
PlayStation DNA so it was a bit of a
no-brainer that an entry in the long run
INF franchise would eventually find its
way to the PSP after the misstep that
was wipe out Fusion on the PlayStation 2
pure brought it back to its roots and
was a huge step in the right direction
for the ser series as a whole set in the
distant future racing is been taken to a
whole new level anti-gravity is now the
norm with each competition providing a
faster more dangerous and more intense
experience than anything that have come
before you jump into a hovercraft and
get to take on a generous amount of
tracks but it's not just simply about
racing your Rivals As Weapons also
manage to play a part and produce some
of the more hectic moments throughout
each race from simple lasers to bombs
and even earthquakes each race can
instantly flip and see you trade them
behind the pack if you're not careful
and don't plan ahead thankfully there
are other items that can help you along
the way for instance you've got standard
speed boosts as well as Shields that can
help you avver the onslaught of attacks
from the other races on the track now
one aspect of the game which is simply
mindblowing at the beautiful and Rich
environments the PSP is without a doubt
an amazing piece of hardware and WIP out
pure pushes it to its absolute limit by
not only featuring colorful and Lush
environments but with all the Frantic
action going on the game runs at a very
consistent and fluid frame rate as well
the only negative I can raise against
Fusion has to be the learning curve
which will take some time to get to
grips it due to the insane speed you'll
be traveling it's quite easy to find
yourself bashing into corners but with
enough practice and patience you'll soon
be breezing through each track and style
overall with a huge collection of
unlockables of great sense of speed and
addictive gameplay WIP out pure is one
of those games that you're going to find
hard to put
[Music]
down Gundam Battle Royale is a
stunningly addictive action combat game
that will no doubt appeal to fans of the
show as well as those who are looking
for a challenge offering more than 130
different Maxs all with multiple weapons
optional equipment and nonon infinitely
customizable stats Gundam Battle Royale
provides an unprecedented degree of
freedom to the player the game play is
simple and very intuitive and mainly
revolves around dashing about each map
and confronting the enemies that reside
there as I mentioned the range of
weapons is staggering from longrange
guns to missiles and light swords you're
equipped for any situation that might
pop up and with the fluid controls
allowing you to make your way around
with these it soon becomes a delight to
play each Mobile Suit has a lot of
different ways to attack either with one
of its main weapons a secondary weapon
or ability a Charged attack or an
impressive special move most of the
different attacks can be a lot of fun to
play with but unfortunately the melee
assaults are rather underwhelming if I'm
being honest as you complete missions
you'll gain experience points that allow
you to have great your Mech and alter
its appearance and skills to keep you on
a Level Playing Field throughout the
various missions it's not all just about
mindlessly attacking enemies however as
many of these missions require you to
complete different objectives from
collecting specific items to escorting
valuable targets the game constantly
throws new things for you to do which
really helps it from becoming stale for
Gundam fans this one's a done deal and
it serves as one of the quintessential
games that's worth your time but for
those of you who may not know the series
or have no interest in it Battle Royale
still offers enough that will satisfy
casual fans of action combat and is well
worth picking
up deadhead Fred has to be one of the
most eccentric games on the PSP that
sees you filling the boots of Fred
Newman a private detective who got in
too deep and ended up losing his life as
well as his head thanks to the efforts
of a rather crazy scientist Fred is now
being resurrected with the ability to
change his head allowing him to take
advantage of different powers he's now
held bent on finding those responsible
for his demise for as crazy as the story
sounds it's actually one of the most
enjoyable parts of the game with a witty
and entertaining banter between the
characters which is only Amplified by
the incredible voice acting thankfully
the game playay more than lives up to
the lofty expectations set by the story
and sees you making your way through
Fred's hom toown of Hope Falls and
encountering many obstacles that hope to
hold you back from enacting Revenge this
is where the combat system comes into
play and although it's quite simple it
man manages to be effective and
gut-wrenching at the same time you've
got a simple two button setup that
allows you to perform a few combos but
once the enemy is stunned this is where
some of the more gruesome aspects of the
game play come into play as I mentioned
earlier though each of Fred's heads give
him different powers there's eight of
them in total which are all suited to
different kinds of situations from
dealing massive amounts of damage to
foes with the stone head or taking on
the ability of temporary flight with the
corpse head the best thing about them is
that they are not at all trivial and
actually play into many of the game's
environmental puzzles which forces the
player to get the grips with the pros
and cons of each head as they move
forward dead head Fred was a breath of
fresh air in an otherwise tiresome genre
that was often afraid to try new things
and although it's not perfect it was
certainly a welcome change from what
games of a similar nature were offering
at the time this is one game I highly
recommend so if you come across it it is
well worth
grabbing the PSP was a literal
Powerhouse when it came to jrpgs with
the likes of Crisis Core and Kingdom
Hearts making an appearance on the
console it was the perfect handheld for
fans of the genre but more often than
not many of the greatest Adventures you
could find on the system unfortunately
never found their way outside of Japan
and last ranker is a prime example
thanks to a full translation though it
is now easier than ever to try it out
and experience what has to be one of the
best jrpgs you'll find on the PSP it
sees you taken on the part of Zig a
villager who sets up to visit the big
City in the hopes of climbing the ranks
in a world where those that do become
part of the ruling class much like the
name suggests your rank plays a massive
power throughout the game with the main
objective being to increase it by
encountering those of a similar level
and battling them in the hopes of coming
out on top as your rank Rises so does
your level allowing you to wield a
myriad of different weapons and execute
an ever increasing amount of abilities
the battle system is incredibly simple
and all revolves around the stamina back
which is depleted when you carry car out
and move but slowly replenishes itself
over time this brings a serious amount
of strategy to even the most tedious of
encounters is it's easy to catch
yourself off guard simply spamming your
normal attacks won't work as that's a
sure fire way to run out of stamina and
end up finding yourself in a tight spot
carefully deciding your plan of attack
is the best way to advance and towards
the end of the game where you'll come up
against some of the more daunting
enemies it's essential to have this in
the back of your mind as they can easily
destroy you with one decisive hit hit if
you're not careful now the most striking
aspect of the game has to be its visuals
that offer up a real sense of scale and
adds a severe amount of realism to the
world that last ranco presents from qu
little villages to towering cities that
run off into the distance is an absolute
Marvel to look at overall if you have
the opportunity to give it a try it's
certainly worth
considering je AR is a strategic RPG
developed by level five that focuses on
the life of Je of it plays a lot like
Final Fantasy Tactics but offers enough
variety and unique gameplay that it
doesn't just feel like a m clone but
rather something different that results
in one of the more enjoyable srpg you'll
find on the PSP of course the most
important part of any srpg has to be its
gamepl and this is where the game really
comes into its own naturally all of the
actions take place on a grid and he sees
each character belonging to one of three
different affinities and although it's
possible to play whilst ignoring them
each encounter will take far longer as a
result about a dozen or so characters
will join up with Jean sces during the
duration of the game with each of them
offering their own specific abilities
and traits such as Brute Force soldiers
to archers and Magic wielders which all
have a role to play on the battlefield
like many RPGs you also have the option
to equip these characters with a wide
array of items and weaponry that further
enhance their proficiency right up until
its end provides a meaningful sense of
progression to the player and of course
another reason to jump back back in once
you're done and see everything you might
have missed the first time around
visually the cell-shaded characters and
colorful worlds of je Arc are beautiful
to say the least the game is Rich and
detailed and an absolute Delight to look
at on top of this the frame rate is
Tight and Never buckles under the
pressure of the onscreen action allowing
you to fully immerse yourself in the
impressive World level five created if
srpg is your thing and you've exhausted
the other options on the PSP Johan the
ark will be right up your street well
that does it for today's video keep an
eye out for part two is that will be
coming up soon so don't forget to
subscribe and hit that Bell to get
notified about new videos which release
every Monday in Thursday you can follow
me on all of the socials which are
linked below to stay up to date and also
join my growing community on Discord to
meet many like-minded gamers to continue
the conversation with I'd like to give a
special shout out to my patreon
supporters Rhino skill Jim shudan
Richard Amy Daniel Dio Omar Strider Pier
K awesome jacket dude Ma
Scott Alfred Ryan Alex GameCube Galaxy K
salaryman and Patty J for their
continued support that helps make these
videos possible if you're interested in
joining my Discord or supporting the
channel through patreon you'll find all
of these links down below as always
thanks for taking the time to watch the
video I'll catch you next
[Music]
time
a